I need you to diagnose and fix the current Expo/React Native project without removing or weakening the app's intended native functionality.

Project goal:
This is a meditation/audio app where users can layer calming sounds such as rain, singing bowls and gongs. Audio must continue playing when the Android screen is locked, lock-screen/media controls must work, sleep timers must reliably stop playback, and the new native audio engine must be used.

Important:
I need TWO things:
1. A working Android development build (expo-dev-client) that supports the native audio functionality.
2. Live JavaScript/TypeScript code updates through the development server while testing that development build.

Do NOT switch the project back to Expo Go as the primary solution.
Do NOT permanently remove react-native-audio-api.
Do NOT disable background audio, lock-screen controls, notifications, or the audio engine just to make Expo Go work.

First inspect the project before changing anything.

Check:
- package.json
- pnpm-workspace.yaml
- app.json/app.config.*
- eas.json
- all Expo/React Native dependencies
- imports/usages of react-native-audio-api
- imports/usages of expo-notifications
- audio/background playback configuration
- Android permissions/configuration
- Expo Router configuration
- whether expo-dev-client is installed correctly
- whether the installed Expo SDK and React Native versions are compatible
- whether the EAS project is correctly configured

The project uses pnpm. Do NOT use npm for dependency installation because the project has a preinstall script that requires pnpm.

Run appropriate diagnostics such as:
pnpm install
npx expo-doctor
npx expo config --type public
npx expo install --check

If react-native-audio-api is required by the current implementation, keep it and make sure the development build includes its native code.

If expo-notifications is installed, make sure it is configured correctly for a development build. Do not remove it merely because Expo Go cannot support the required native functionality.

Check for stale imports or references to packages that are not installed, and fix them properly.

Check the EAS development profile. It should produce an installable Android development client APK, not an Expo Go project.

The development build must be able to connect to:
npx expo start --dev-client

Make the minimum necessary changes. Do not rewrite unrelated application code.

Before making changes, explain what you found.
After making changes, report:
1. What was wrong
2. What you changed
3. Any remaining issues
4. The exact commands I should run to create the development APK
5. The exact command I should run afterward for live development

Do not start an EAS build until the project configuration and dependency checks are clean.